I think its a great way in which we find the errors between different versions
of our work.
Its also great, as I am getting the access to my work history, allowing me to use that 
things into my new work.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, 
like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google Docs does?
Ans. Pros for manual commits are that, if done correctly the log would be very resonable and 
understandable and it would be a promising way for version control along with the commit control.
Cons for manual commits can be considered if the right way for commit is not understood as commit should 
be done after every logical change otherwise the commit log would be very conjusted and ununderstandable. 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, 
while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
Ans. To get a full track or log in between different files which are linked to each other. As in programming 
there could be scenarios where one function has to call another function which is present in another file.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?
Ans. To get the overall history of the commits of a file, like how much commits have been made can be seen by the
command git log whereas for checking what are the changes have been made in between commits can be seen by the help
of command git diff.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?
Ans. As the version control provides us with the facility to backtrack to the previous version of the file in 
order to analyse the error or bug that have caused the problem and as it also provides the feature to look for the line 
causing the error has a great line of work for developers in order to keep track of there work.

How Do You Want to Use Git?
Ans. I want to use Git as a tool to keep track of my coding versions in order to resolve any typo mistakes I have made 
during the process of writing the code.